[RLlib; docs] Docs do-over (new API stack): Env pages vol 02. (#48542)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/multi-agent-envs.rst

.. include:: /_includes/rllib/we_are_hiring.rst

.. include:: /_includes/rllib/new_api_stack.rst

.. _rllib-multi-agent-environments-doc:

Multi-Agent Environments
========================

In a multi-agent environment, multiple "agents" act simultaneously, in a turn-based
sequence, or through an arbitrary combination of both.

For instance, in a traffic simulation, there might be multiple "car" and
"traffic light" agents interacting simultaneously, whereas in a board game,
two or more agents may act in a turn-based sequence.

> Several different policy networks may be used to control the various agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RLlib may use several different policy networks to control the various agents.
```
